---
layout: post
title: Greetings!
---
Here you are and here I am!  My lovely daughter, A-S, is helping me with this new journey of blogging and website, and she affirmed that I really should start with an introduction of myself, but every time I sat to write it felt so daunting.  How should I convey who I am, why I’m here and what I hope to accomplish in 600 +/- words?  So I’ve decided, I just have to dive right in, right here where I am today and we’ll catch up another day with history and future.  Today I walked away from a job.  Not a bad job, but a job where there was an extremely insidious toxic atmosphere closely guarded and hidden away.  I didn’t even give notice.  That goes against my “play by the rules” upbringing.  I’ve agonized over this decision for quite some while and writing that final letter last night was excruciating.  But amazingly, and yet not surprisingly, as I drove away from that office for the final time today, I felt light and spacious and ideas that had only just been nebulous began to take concrete shape, with clear actionable steps.  There are some who would be able to articulate exactly which universal law is at work there and why and I’m sure they would be some version of right. My own deeply held and sometimes painfully realized truth though is clearly stated, yet so often truncated, popularized and minimized through overuse, best by none other than the elegant pen of Henry David Thoreau.  With his bicentennial receiving so much media attention just now it seems a bit cliché to fall back to this, but fall back to it I will as I have done for the past 30 years. “I learned this, at least, by my experiment, that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.  He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favour in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings.”  ... so advance confidently I will toward this dream of mine.  Of sharing wisdom arduously attained, living a life a fulfillment and joy.  
